Fix 'Box' preview being showed before the 'Text' preview appear (#450)
vtex-apps/render-runtime: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - `Box` preview is not being showed before `Text` preview appears anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevents `preview` of type `text` from falling back to `box` if `width` is not defined.
```
